[excel] (Requirement Sets) Refactoring Excel requirement set pages (#1169)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/reference/requirement-sets/excel-api-1-4-requirement-set.md

---
title: Excel JavaScript API requirement set 1.44
description: 'Details about the ExcelApi 1.4 requirement set'
ms.date: 07/11/2019
ms.prod: excel
localization_priority: Normal
---

# What's new in Excel JavaScript API 1.4

The following are the new additions to the Excel JavaScript APIs in requirement set 1.4.

## Named item add and new properties

New properties:

* `comment`
* `scope` worksheet or workbook scoped items
* `worksheet` returns the worksheet on which the named item is scoped to.

New methods:

* `add(name: string, reference: Range or string, comment: string)`Adds a new name to the collection of the given scope.
* `addFormulaLocal(name: string, formula: string, comment: string)` Adds a new name to the collection of the given scope using the user's locale for the formula.

## Settings API in the Excel namespace

> The [Setting](/javascript/api/excel/excel.setting) object represents a key:value pair for a setting persisted to the document. The functionality of `Excel.Setting` is equivalent to `Office.Settings`, but uses the batched API syntax, rather than the Common API's callback model.

Reviewer: Sometimes I write `key:value` because I don't know if this is something that should be translated but I could also just be wrong on that

Author: Hmm. I'm not sure. Those aren't actual property names, so I'm inclined to let them be translated.

> APIs include `getItem()` to get setting entry via the key, `add()` to add the specified key:value setting pair to the workbook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
APIs include `getItem()` to get setting entry via the key and `add()` to add the specified key:value setting pair to the workbook.
```

## Others

> * Set table column name (prior version only allows reading).

Reviewer: It is weird to me to say prior version allows because I want to read it as allowed but I guess because it is still available you have used allows here?

* Add table column to the end of the table (prior version only allows anywhere but last).
* Add multiple rows to a table at a time (prior version only allows 1 row at a time).
* `range.getColumnsAfter(count: number)` and `range.getColumnsBefore(count: number)` to get a certain number of columns to the right/left of the current Range object.

> * Get item or null object function: This functionality allows getting object using a key. If the object does not exist, the returned object's isNullObject property will be true. This alows developers to check if an object exists or not without having to handle it thorugh exception handling. Available on worksheet, named-item, binding, chart series, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Get item or null object function: This functionality obtains an object using a key. If the object doesn't exist, the returned object's `isNullObject` property will be true. This alows developers to check if an object exists or not without having to write exception handling. Available on `worksheet`, `named-item`, `binding`, chart series objects, etc.
```
I don't know if the stuff in that last sentence are really objects but if so I usually go with ``s
